README.md, before:

# BTKSAGestureMod
BTK Standalone: Gesture Mod is a small mod to allow you to switch the ActionMenu button binds back into the Gesture Lock, like how it worked originally on the Index controllers.

The mod has 2 settings that are controlled via [UIExpanionKit](https://github.com/knah/VRCMods), by default neither right or left are overriden, you can choose either, one, both, or none by setting them in UIExpanionKit.

If you encounter issues with this mod, feel free to contact me on Discord (DDAkebono#0001)!

## Install/Usage
Install [MelonLoader](https://github.com/HerpDerpinstine/MelonLoader) version 0.2.6 or higher, it does require 0.2.6 as it has migrated to the new MelonPrefs and MelonLogger classes.

Download the latest release from [Releases](https://github.com/ddakebono/BTKSAGestureMod/releases) and place in your VRChat\Mods folder.

## Disclamer
**Warning:** The VRChat team is not very keen on modding or reverse engineering the game, while the mod does not include anything that would ruin the fun for others, using it may still be a bannable offence.

**USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK**, I am not responsible for any bans or any punishments you may get by using this mod!

## Credits
* [HerpDerpinstine/MelonLoader](https://github.com/HerpDerpinstine/MelonLoader)

Commit message:

Fixed desktop mode detection, changed HarmonyInstance ID, incremented version and updated README.md with new configs.

README.md, after:

# BTKSAGestureMod
BTK Standalone: Gesture Mod is a small mod to allow you to switch the ActionMenu button binds back into the Gesture Lock, like how it worked originally on the Index controllers.

When the mod detects that you're in Desktop Mode it will disable any overrides.

The mod has 4 settings that are controlled via [UIExpanionKit](https://github.com/knah/VRCMods)

1. Replace Right Hand Action Menu - Replaces the Right Hand Action Menu with the quick Gesture Lock toggle
2. Replace Left Hand Action Menu - Replaces the Left Hand Action Menu with the quick Gesture Lock toggle
3. Disable Right Action Menu - This disables the Right Action Menu on both the main bound button and the long press menu
4. Disable Left Action Menu - This disables the Left Action Menu on both the main bound button and the long press menu

If you encounter issues with this mod, feel free to contact me on Discord (DDAkebono#0001)!

## Install/Usage
Install [MelonLoader](https://github.com/HerpDerpinstine/MelonLoader) version 0.2.6 or higher, it does require 0.2.6 as it has migrated to the new MelonPrefs and MelonLogger classes.

Download the latest release from [Releases](https://github.com/ddakebono/BTKSAGestureMod/releases) and place in your VRChat\Mods folder.

## Disclamer
**Warning:** The VRChat team is not very keen on modding or reverse engineering the game, while the mod does not include anything that would ruin the fun for others, using it may still be a bannable offence.

**USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK**, I am not responsible for any bans or any punishments you may get by using this mod!

## Credits
* [HerpDerpinstine/MelonLoader](https://github.com/HerpDerpinstine/MelonLoader)
